Hyosik-A;1;The mayor couldn't remember which donor, but the proposal that would expand the town hall would overburden one of the rich donors.
Hyosik-B;1;The mayor couldn't remember which department, but the proposal that would expand the town hall would overburden one of the municipal departments.
Hyosik-C;1;The mayor couldn't remember which donor the proposal that would expand the town hall would overburden.
Hyosik-D;1;The mayor couldn't remember which department the proposal that would expand the town hall would overburden.
Hyosik-A;2;The reporter couldn't remember which accident, but the police officer that prepared the statement said it was one of the worst accidents on record.
Hyosik-B;2;The reporter couldn't remember which press-release, but the police officer that prepared the statement said it was one of the worst interactions with the press on record.
Hyosik-C;2;The reporter couldn't remember which accident the police officer that prepared the statement said was one of the worst on record.
Hyosik-D;2;The reporter couldn't remember which press-release the police officer that prepared the statement said was one of the worst interactions with the press on record.
Hyosik-A;3;I can't be certain which councilman, but the ordinance that would close the library was supported by one of the councilmen on the board.
Hyosik-B;3;I can't be certain which university, but the ordinance that would close the library was supported by one of the universities nearby.
Hyosik-C;3;I can't be certain which councilman the ordinance that would close the library was supported by.
Hyosik-D;3;I can't be certain which university the ordinance that would close the library was supported by.
Hyosik-A;4;The mother didn't reveal which injury, but the insurance company that offered specialized customer service refused to cover one of the injuries from the accident.
Hyosik-B;4;The mother didn't reveal which plan, but the insurance company that offered specialized customer service refused to offer one of their affordable financial options.
Hyosik-C;4;The mother didn't reveal which injury the insurance company that offered specialized customer service refused to cover.
Hyosik-D;4;The mother didn't reveal which plan the insurance company that offered specialized customer service refused to offer.
Hyosik-A;5;People would not say which concepts, but the new article that held the public spellbound contained several new concepts that were alarming.
Hyosik-B;5;People would not say which positions but the new article that held the public spellbound contained several new positions that were alarming.
Hyosik-C;5;People would not say which concepts the new article that held the public spellbound contained that were alarming.
Hyosik-D;5;People would not say which positions the new article that held the public spellbound contained that were alarming.
Hyosik-A;6;The reporter couldn't remember which award, but the unrelenting association that fought for an activist finally won a prestigious prize.
Hyosik-B;6;The reporter couldn't remember which lawsuit, but the unrelenting association that fought for an activist finally won a court case.
Hyosik-C;6;The reporter couldn't remember which award the unrelenting association that fought for an activist finally won.
Hyosik-D;6;The reporter couldn't remember which lawsuit the unrelenting association that fought for an activist finally won.
Hyosik-A;7;The writer didn't identify which location, but the renowned director that hired the costume designer wanted to find a magnificent place for his upcoming film.
Hyosik-B;7;The writer didn't identify which actress, but the renowned director that hired the costume designer wanted to find a magnificent actress for his upcoming film.
Hyosik-C;7;The writer didn't identify which location the renowned director that hired the costume designer wanted to find.
Hyosik-D;7;The writer didn't identify which actress the renowned director that hired the costume designer wanted to find.
Hyosik-A;8;The bishop wasn't sure which landmark, but the crusaders that had fought the Moors claimed to have overtaken one of the major local landmarks.
Hyosik-B;8;The bishop wasn't sure which group, but the crusaders that had fought the Moors claimed to have overtaken one of the major local factions.
Hyosik-C;8;The bishop wasn't sure which landmark the crusaders that had fought the Moors claimed to have overtaken in the area.
Hyosik-D;8;The bishop wasn't sure which group the crusaders that had fought the Moors claimed to have overtaken in the area.
Hyosik-A;9;The report didn't say which election, but the federal agents that warned the FEC suggested that some of the results had been compromised.
Hyosik-B;9;The report didn't say which voters, but the federal agents that warned the FEC suggested that some of the results had been compromised.
Hyosik-C;9;The report didn't say which election the federal agents that warned the FEC suggested had been compromised.
Hyosik-D;9;The report didn't say which voters the federal agents that warned the FEC suggested had been compromised.
Hyosik-A;10;The general wouldn't divulge which problem, but the sergeant that had called the sentries to attention noticed a looming issue in troop deployment.
Hyosik-B;10;The general wouldn't divulge which troop, but the sergeant that had called the sentries to attention noticed a looming issue with one of the troop deployments.
Hyosik-C;10;The general wouldn't divulge which problem the sergeant that had called the sentries to attention noticed at the border.
Hyosik-D;10;The general wouldn't divulge which troop the sergeant that had called the sentries to attention noticed at the border.
Hyosik-A;11;Bill didn't indicate which grading criteria, but the proctors that had asked for a grade change seemed to think one of the grading criteria was unfair.
Hyosik-B;11;Bill didn't indicate which teacher's aide, but the proctors that had asked for a grade change seemed to think one of the teacher's aides was unfair.
Hyosik-C;11;Bill didn't indicate which grading criteria the proctors that had asked for a grade change seemed to think was unfair.
Hyosik-D;11;Bill didn't indicate which teacher's aide the proctors that had asked for a grade change seemed to think was unfair.
Hyosik-A;12;John's message didn't mention which disagreement, but the budget that had benefitted the current administration caused a huge argument in the graduate school.
Hyosik-B;12;John's message didn't mention which students, but the budget that had benefitted the current administration caused a huge argument among some of the students.
Hyosik-C;12;John's message didn't mention which disagreement the budget that had benefitted the current administration caused.
Hyosik-D;12;John's message didn't mention which students the budget that had benefitted the current administration caused a huge argument among.
Hyosik-A;13;The senator forgot which exchange program, but the publicist that had aimed to strengthen international ties said that it was good for business overseas.
Hyosik-B;13;The senator forgot which deadly weapon, but the publicist that had aimed to strengthen international ties said that it was good for business overseas.
Hyosik-C;13;The senator forgot which exchange program the publicist that had aimed to strengthen international ties said that was good for business overseas.
Hyosik-D;13;The senator forgot which deadly weapon, but the publicist that had aimed to strengthen international ties said that was good for business overseas.
Hyosik-A;14;I don't remember which specific child, but the art director that continued to pay alimony was annoyed with one of his children.
Hyosik-B;14;I don't remember which specific project, but the art director that continued to pay alimony was annoyed with one of his projects.
Hyosik-C;14;I don't remember which specific child the art director that continued to pay alimony was annoyed with.
Hyosik-D;14;I don't remember which specific project the art director that continued to pay alimony was annoyed with.
Hyosik-A;15;I don't know which computer virus, but the system reset that improved network connectivity seemed to have fixed at least one of the viruses.
Hyosik-B;15;I don't know which computer program, but the system reset that improved network connectivity seemed to have fixed at least one of the programs.
Hyosik-C;15;I don't know which computer virus the system reset that improved network connectivity seemed to have fixed.
Hyosik-D;15;I don't know which computer program the system reset that improved network connectivity seemed to have fixed.
Hyosik-A;16;John failed to report which advertisements, but the ad agency that polled the focus group completely over looked some of the more questionable advertisements.
Hyosik-B;16;John failed to report which customers, but the ad agency that polled the focus group completely over looked some of the more questionable customers.
Hyosik-C;16;John failed to report which advertisements the ad agency that polled the focus group completely over looked.
Hyosik-D;16;John failed to report which customers the ad agency that polled the focus group completely over looked.
Hyosik-A;17;I don't remember which specific technique, but the professor that had warned of global warming was teaching a new research technique in class.
Hyosik-B;17;I don't remember which specific students, but the professor that had warned of global warming was teaching a new research students in class.
Hyosik-C;17;I don't remember which specific technique the professor that had warned of global warming was teaching in class.
Hyosik-D;17;I don't remember which specific students the professor that had warned of global warning was teaching in class.
Hyosik-A;18;The manager didn't reveal which traveler, but the tour guide that coordinates special events wanted to talk about one of the travelers.
Hyosik-B;18;The manager didn't reveal which arrangements, but the tour guide that coordinates special events wanted to talk about some of the arrangements.
Hyosik-C;18;The manager didn't reveal which traveler the tour guide that coordinates special events wanted to talk about.
Hyosik-D;18;The manager didn't reveal which arrangements the tour guide that coordinates special events wanted to talk about.
Hyosik-A;19;The agent never revealed which procedures, but the insurance company that compensated the injured man in the lawsuit had ignored some procedures.
Hyosik-B;19;The agent never revealed which victims, but the insurance company that compensated the injured man in the lawsuit had ignored some victims.
Hyosik-C;19;The agent never revealed which procedures the insurance company that compensated the injured man in the lawsuit had ignored.
Hyosik-D;19;The agent never revealed which victims the insurance company that compensated the injured man in the lawsuit had ignored.
Hyosik-A;20;The dietician didn't specify which disaster, but the daycare center that prepares children for school avoided a certain disaster last week.
Hyosik-B;20;The dietician didn't specify which food, but the daycare center that prepares children for school avoided a certain food last week.
Hyosik-C;20;The dietician didn't specify which disaster the daycare center that prepares children for school avoided last week.
Hyosik-D;20;The dietician didn't specify which food the daycare center that prepares children for school avoided last week.
Hyosik-A;21;She was not sure which food, but the researchers that had battled with the protestors were examining some food.
Hyosik-B;21;She was not sure which disease, but the researchers that had battled with the protestors were examining some disease.
Hyosik-C;21;She was not sure which food the researchers that had battled with the protestors were examining.
Hyosik-D;21;She was not sure which disease the researchers that had battled with the protestors were examining.
Hyosik-A;22;John's email never mentioned which dispute, but the tax breaks that benefitted business owners created problems in some dispute.
Hyosik-B;22;John's email never mentioned which workers, but the tax breaks that benefitted business owners created problems for some workers.
Hyosik-C;22;John's email never mentioned which dispute the tax breaks that benefitted business owners created problems in.
Hyosik-D;22;John's email never mentioned which workers the tax breaks that benefitted business owners created problems for.
Hyosik-A;23;The legislator didn't say which students, but the ordinance that had expanded the city limits would surely disturb some of the local students.
Hyosik-B;23;The legislator didn't say which schools, but the ordinance that had expanded the city limits would surely disturb some of the local schools.
Hyosik-C;23;The legislator didn't say which students the ordinance that had expanded the city limits would surely disturb.
Hyosik-D;23;The legislator didn't say which schools the ordinance that had expanded the city limits would surely disturb.
Hyosik-A;24;The assistant didn't clarify which investigation, but the prosecutors that had argued the point strongly were clearly involved in some important investigation.
Hyosik-B;24;The assistant didn't clarify which case, but the prosecutors that had argued the point strongly were clearly involved in some important case.
Hyosik-C;24;The assistant didn't clarify which investigation the prosecutors that had argued the point strongly were clearly involved in.
Hyosik-D;24;The assistant didn't clarify which case the prosecutor that had argued the point strongly were clearly involved in.
Hyosik-A;25;The nurse didn't ask which injuries, but the neurosurgeon that had provided medical advice reviewed a few of the injuries with the patient.
Hyosik-B;25;The nurse didn't ask which services, but the neurosurgeon that had provided medical advice reviewed a few of the services with the patient.
Hyosik-C;25;The nurse didn't ask which injuries the neurosurgeon that had provided medical advice reviewed with the patient.
Hyosik-D;25;The nurse didn't ask which services the neurosurgeon that had provided medical advice reviewed with the patient.
Hyosik-A;26;I'm not completely sure which day, but the babysitter that had allowed the dog to go to the backyard smiled constantly one day this week.
Hyosik-B;26;I'm not completely sure which children, but the babysitter that had allowed the dog to go to the backyard smiled constantly at one of the children this week.
Hyosik-C;26;I'm not completely sure which day the babysitter that had allowed the dog to go to the backyard smiled constantly this week.
Hyosik-D;26;I'm not completely sure which children the babysitter that had allowed the dog to go to the backyard smiled constantly at this week.
Hyosik-A;27;I do not know which materials, but the vice president that helped the CEO managed some of the materials for the company.
Hyosik-B;27;I do not know which committee, but the vice president that helped the CEO managed one of the committees for the company.
Hyosik-C;27;I do not know which materials the vice president that helped the CEO managed.
Hyosik-D;27;I do not know which committee the vice president that helped the CEO managed.
Hyosik-A;28;It was not clear which student, but the department head that improved the curriculum listened to one of the complaints.
Hyosik-B;28;It was not clear which class, but the department head that improved the curriculum listened to one of the classes.
Hyosik-C;28;It was not clear which student the department head that improved the curriculum listened to.
Hyosik-D;28;It was not clear which class the department head that improved the curriculum listened to.
Hyosik-A;29;The doctor couldn't disclose which side-effect, but the patient that continued working after her diagnosis anticipated one of the new side effects.
Hyosik-B;29;The doctor couldn't disclose which treatment, but the patient that continued working after her diagnosis anticipated one of the new treatments.
Hyosik-C;29;The doctor couldn't disclose which side-effect the patient that continued working after her diagnosis anticipated.
Hyosik-D;29;The doctor couldn't disclose which treatment the patient that continued working after her diagnosis anticipated.
Hyosik-A;30;The media won't say which law, but the memo that had aimed to inform the president about recent dangers cited one of the controversial federal laws.
Hyosik-B;30;The media won't say which complaints, but the memo that had aimed to inform the president about recent dangers cited one of the controversial complaints.
Hyosik-C;30;The media won't say which law the memo that had aimed to inform the president about recent dangers cited.
Hyosik-D;30;The media won't say which complaints the memo that had aimed to inform the president about recent dangers cited.
Hyosik-A;31;Mary didn't tell me which customer, but the local farmer that had harvested seasonal crops bought some of the desserts from the grocery store.
Hyosik-B;31;Mary didn't tell me which pumpkins, but the local farmer that had harvested seasonal crops bought some of the pumpkins from the grocery store.
Hyosik-C;31;Mary didn't tell me which customer the local farmer that had harvested seasonal crops bought from the grocery store.
Hyosik-D;31;Mary didn't tell me which pumpkins the local farmer that had harvested seasonal crops bought from the grocery store.
Hyosik-A;32;I do not know which kid, but the energetic child that planted gardens for his neighbors climbed one of the ladders outside the hardware store.
Hyosik-B;32;I do not know which tree, but the energetic child that planted gardens for his neighbors climbed one of the trees outside the hardware store.
Hyosik-C;32;I do not know which kid the energetic child that planted gardens for his neighbors climbed outside the hardware store.
Hyosik-D;32;I do not know which tree the energetic child that planted gardens for his neighbors climbed outside the hardware store.
how_many_a;33;How many books each, based on the syllabus, do the strict but kind teachers assign the students for the final paper? 
how_many_b;33;How many books each, based on the syllabus, does the strict but kind teacher assign the students for the final paper?
how_many_c;33;How many books total, based on the syllabus, do the strict but kind teachers assign the students for the final paper?
how_many_d;33;How many books total, based on the syllabus, does the strict but kind teacher assign the students for the final paper?
how_many_a;34;How many dishes each, according to the workday, do the cruel and overbearing managers assign the kitchen staff for washing? 
how_many_b;34;How many dishes each, according to the workday, does the cruel and overbearing manager assign the kitchen staff for washing?
how_many_c;34;How many dishes total, according to the workday, do the cruel and overbearing managers assign the kitchen staff for washing?
how_many_d;34;How many dishes total, according to the workday, does the cruel and overbearing manager assign the kitchen staff for washing?
how_many_a;35;How many dogs each, according to the spreadsheet, do the pushy and inconsiderate owners send the groomers for a trim? 
how_many_b;35;How many dogs each, according to the spreadsheet, does the pushy and inconsiderate owner send the groomers for a trim?
how_many_c;35;How many dogs total, according to the spreadsheet, do the pushy and inconsiderate owners send the groomers for a trim?
how_many_d;35;How many dogs total, according to the spreadsheet, does the pushy and inconsiderate owner send the groomers for a trim?
how_many_a;36;How many rations each, while supplies last, do the kind and caring soldiers give the refugees to eat? 
how_many_b;36;How many rations each, while supplies last, does the kind and caring soldier give the refugees to eat?
how_many_c;36;How many rations total, while supplies last, do the kind and caring soldiers give the refugees to eat?
how_many_d;36;How many rations total, while supplies last, does the kind and caring soldier give the refugees to eat?
how_many_a;37;How many ducks each, based on the estimates, do the strong and brave hunters prepare for the kids to eat? 
how_many_b;37;How many ducks each, based on the estimates, does the strong and brave hunter prepare for the kids to eat? 
how_many_c;37;How many ducks total, based on the estimates, do the strong and brave hunters prepare for the kids to eat? 
how_many_d;37;How many ducks total, based on the estimates, does the strong and brave hunter prepare for the kids to eat?
how_many_a;38;How many signed basketballs each, according to the coach, do the successful and famous players hand out to the fans at the event?
how_many_b;38;How many signed basketballs each, according to the coach, does that successful and famous player hand out to the fans at the event?
how_many_c;38;How many signed basketballs total, according to the coach, do the successful and famous players hand out to the fans at the event?
how_many_d;38;How many signed basketballs total, according to the coach, does that successful and famous player hand out to the fans at the event?
how_many_a;39;How many backpacks each, according to the nonprofit, do the compassionate and warmhearted volunteers distribute to the kids per day?
how_many_b;39;How many backpacks each, according to the nonprofit, does that compassionate and warmhearted volunteer distribute to the kids per day?
how_many_c;39;How many backpacks total, according to the nonprofit, do the compassionate and warmhearted volunteers distribute to the kids per day?
how_many_d;39;How many backpacks total, according to the nonprofit, does that compassionate and warmhearted volunteer distribute to the kids per day?
how_many_a;40;How many shoes each, based on the sales report, do the persuasive and cunning clerks sell the customers on average?
how_many_b;40;How many shoes each, based on the sales report, does that persuasive and cunning clerk sell the customers on average?
how_many_c;40;How many shoes total, based on the sales report, do the persuasive and cunning clerks sell the customers on average?
how_many_d;40;How many shoes total, based on the sales report, does that persuasive and cunning clerk sell the customers on average?
how_many_a;41;How many printers each, based on the report, do the hardworking and untiring delivery workers deliver to the offices on a normal day?
how_many_b;41;How many printers each, based on the report, does that hardworking and untiring delivery worker deliver to the offices on a normal day?
how_many_c;41;How many printers total, based on the report, do the hardworking and untiring delivery workers deliver to the offices on a normal day?
how_many_d;41;How many printers total, based on the report, does that hardworking and untiring delivery worker deliver to the offices on a normal day?
how_many_a;42;How many pianos each, according to the organizer, do the diligent and eager crewpeople prepare for the stages on a typical weekend?
how_many_b;42;How many pianos each, according to the organizer, does that diligent and eager crewperson prepare for the stages on a typical weekend?
how_many_c;42;How many pianos total, according to the organizer, do the diligent and eager crewpeople prepare for the stages on a typical weekend?
how_many_d;42;How many pianos total, according to the organizer, does that diligent and eager crewperson worker prepare for the stages on a typical weekend?
how_many_a;43;How many soccer balls each, according to the coach, do the boisterous and unruly kids kick to the trainers at practice?
how_many_b;43;How many soccer balls each, according to the coach, does that boisterous and unruly kid kick to the trainers at practice?
how_many_c;43;How many soccer balls total, according to the coach, do the boisterous and unruly kids kick to the trainers at practice?
how_many_d;43;How many soccer balls total, according to the coach, does that boisterous and unruly kid kick to the trainers at practice?
how_many_a;44;How many apartments each, according to the landlord, do the diligent and honest cleaners clean for the tenants in the building?
how_many_b;44;How many apartments each, according to the landlord, does that diligent and honest cleaner clean for the tenants in the building?
how_many_c;44;How many apartments total, according to the landlord, do the diligent and honest cleaners clean for the tenants in the building?
how_many_d;44;How many apartments total, according to the landlord, does that diligent and honest cleaner clean for the tenants in the building?
how_many_a;45;How many packages each, according to the post office, do the goodhearted and helpful drivers deliver to the mailboxes per day?
how_many_b;45;How many packages each, according to the post office, does that goodhearted and helpful driver deliver to the mailboxes per day?
how_many_c;45;How many packages total, according to the post office, do the goodhearted and helpful drivers deliver to the mailboxes per day?
how_many_d;45;How many packages total, according to the post office, does that goodhearted and helpful driver deliver to the mailboxes per day?
how_many_a;46;How many shots each, over one month, do the highly-educated and skilled vets administer to the cats in the downtown office?
how_many_b;46;How many shots each, over one month, does that highly-educated and skilled vet administer to the cats in the downtown office?
how_many_c;46;How many shots total, over one month, do the highly-educated and skilled vets administer to the cats in the downtown office?
how_many_d;46;How many shots total, over one month, does that highly-educated and skilled vet administer to the cats in the downtown office?
how_many_a;47;How many accessories each, based on the performance report, do the talkative and suave car salesmen sell the customers on a good day?
how_many_b;47;How many accessories each, based on the performance report, does that talkative and suave car salesman sell the customers on a good day?
how_many_c;47;How many accessories total, based on the performance report, do the talkative and suave car salesmen sell the customers on a good day?
how_many_d;47;How many accessories total, based on the performance report, does that talkative and suave car salesman sell the customers on a good day?
how_many_a;48;How many gaming consoles each, according to mom, do the loving and supportive grandparents give to the kids on a typical holiday?
how_many_b;48;How many gaming consoles each, according to mom, does that loving and supportive grandparent give to the kids on a typical holiday?
how_many_c;48;How many gaming consoles total, according to mom, do the loving and supportive grandparents give to the kids on a typical holiday?
how_many_d;48;How many gaming consoles total, according to mom, does that loving and supportive grandparent give to the kids on a typical holiday?
how_many_a;49;How many suitcases each, according to the captain, do the well-rested and fresh flight attendants store in the overhead bins on a typical flight?
how_many_b;49;How many suitcases each, according to the captain, does that well-rested and fresh flight attendant store in the overhead bins on a typical flight?
how_many_c;49;How many suitcases total, according to the captain, do the well-rested and fresh flight attendants store in the overhead bins on a typical flight?
how_many_d;49;How many suitcases total, according to the captain, does that well-rested and fresh flight attendant store in the overhead bins on a typical flight?
how_many_a;50;How many flights each, according to the head engineer, do the well-trained and skilled technicians fuel the planes for on holiday weekends? 
how_many_b;50;How many flights each, according to the head engineer, does that well-trained and skilled technician fuel the planes for on holiday weekends? 
how_many_c;50;How many flights total, according to the head engineer, do the well-trained and skilled technicians fuel the planes for on holiday weekends? 
how_many_d;50;How many flights total, according to the head engineer, does that well-trained and skilled technician fuel the planes for on holiday weekends?
how_many_a;51;How many matches each, according to the head doctor, do the well-read and patient physical therapists prepare the athletes for in a usual season? 
how_many_b;51;How many matches each, according to the head doctor, does that well-read and patient physical therapist prepare the athletes for in a usual season? 
how_many_c;51;How many matches total, according to the head doctor, do the well-read and patient physical therapists prepare the athletes for in a usual season?
how_many_d;51;How many matches total, according to the head doctor, does that well-read and patient physical therapist prepare the athletes for in a usual season?
how_many_a;52;How many packages each, according to the landlord, do the cruel and reckless thieves steal from the tenants in a given week? 
how_many_b;52;How many packages each, according to the landlord, does that cruel and reckless thief steal from the tenants in a given week? 
how_many_c;52;How many packages total, according to the landlord, do the cruel and reckless thieves steal from the tenants in a given week? 
how_many_d;52;How many packages total, according to the landlord, does that cruel and reckless thief steal from the tenants in a given week?
how_many_a;53;How many beds each, according to the hotel owner, do the organized and speedy housekeepers make for the guests on a given day? 
how_many_b;53;How many beds each, according to the hotel owner, does that organized and speedy housekeeper make for the guests on a given day? 
how_many_c;53;How many beds total, according to the hotel owner, do the organized and speedy housekeepers make for the guests on a given day? 
how_many_d;53;How many beds total, according to the hotel owner, does that organized and speedy housekeeper make for the guests on a given day? 
how_many_a;54;How many parts each, according to the factory boss, do the tired but efficient assembly line workers make for the cars in a normal week? 
how_many_b;54;How many parts each, according to the factory boss, does that tired but efficient assembly line worker make for the cars in a normal week? 
how_many_c;54;How many parts total, according to the factory boss, do the tired but efficient assembly line workers make for the cars in a normal week? 
how_many_d;54;How many parts total, according to the factory boss, does that tired but efficient assembly line worker make for the cars in a normal week? 
how_many_a;55;How many glasses of wine each, according to the restaurant owner, do the newly-hired but hardworking waiters pour for the customers on a busy night?
how_many_b;55;How many glasses of wine each, according to the restaurant owner, does that newly-hired but hardworking waiter pour for the customers on a busy night?
how_many_c;55;How many glasses of wine total, according to the restaurant owner, do the newly-hired but hardworking waiters pour for the customers on a busy night?
how_many_d;55;How many glasses of wine total, according to the restaurant owner, does that newly-hired but hardworking waiter pour for the customers on a busy night?
how_many_a;56;How many miles each, according to the manufacturer, do the thorough and attentive test drivers drive the cars before the release date?
how_many_b;56;How many miles each, according to the manufacturer, does that thorough and attentive test driver drive the cars before the release date?
how_many_c;56;How many miles total, according to the manufacturer, do the thorough and attentive test drivers drive the cars before the release date?
how_many_d;56;How many miles total, according to the manufacturer, does that thorough and attentive test driver drive the cars before the release date?
how_soon_a;57;How soon after quickly and clumsily committting two robberies each, in light of the evidence, do the detectives believe that the local gang members fled town?
how_soon_b;57;How soon after quickly and clumsily committting two robberies each, in light of the evidence, does the detective believe that the local gang members fled town?
how_soon_c;57;How soon after the clumsy criminals committting two robberies each, in light of the evidence, do the detectives believe that the local gang members fled town?
how_soon_d;57;How soon after the clumsy criminals committting two robberies each, in light of the evidence, does the detective believe that the local gang members fled town?
how_soon_a;58;How soon after carefully and steadily completing two procedures each, given the circumstances, do the patients in the waiting room believe that the newly-trained nurses left the room?
how_soon_b;58;How soon after carefully and steadily completing two procedures each, given the circumstances, does the patient in the waiting room believe that the newly-trained nurses left the room?
how_soon_c;58;How soon after the dilligent surgeons completing two procedures each, given the circumstances, do the patients in the waiting room believe that the newly-trained nurses left the room?
how_soon_d;58;How soon after the dilligent surgeons completing two procedures each, given the circumstances, does the patient in the waiting room believe that the newly-trained nurses left the room?
how_soon_a;59;How soon after expertly and aptly preparing five dishes each, given the difficulty, do the waiters believe that the hardworking kitchen staff members were ready for a break? 
how_soon_b;59;How soon after expertly and aptly preparing five dishes each, given the difficulty, does the waiter believe that the hardworking kitchen staff members were ready for a break? 
how_soon_c;59;How soon after the talented chefs preparing five dishes each, given the difficulty, do the waiters believe that the hardworking kitchen staff members were ready for a break? 
how_soon_d;59;How soon after the talented chefs preparing five dishes each, given the difficulty, does the waiter believe that the hardworking kitchen staff members were ready for a break?
how_soon_a;60;How soon after irresponsibly and hastily breaking two parts each, in light of the severity, do the crewmembers believe that the overworked senior technicians would be punished?
how_soon_b;60;How soon after irresponsibly and hastily breaking two parts each, in light of the severity, does the crewmember believe that the overworked senior technicians would be punished?
how_soon_c;60;How soon after the inproficient trainees breaking two parts each, in light of the severity, do the crewmembers believe that the overworked senior technicians would be punished?
how_soon_d;60;How soon after the inproficient trainees breaking two parts each, in light of the severity, does the crewmember believe that the overworked senior technicians would be punished?
how_soon_a;61;How soon after ably and adeptly treating one victim each, based on the news, do the xxxxxxx chiefs believe that the tired firefighters could return to the station?
how_soon_b;61;How soon after ably and adeptly treating one victim each, based on the news, does the fire chief believe that the tired firefighters could return to the station?
how_soon_c;61;How soon after the EMTs treating one victim each, based on the news, do the fire chiefs believe that the tired firefighters could return to the station?
how_soon_d;61;How soon after the EMTs treating one victim each, based on the news, does the fire chief believe that the tired firefighters could return to the station?
how_soon_a;62;How soon after haphazardly?? finishing one house each, according to the sheriff, do the police officers believe that the dishonest carpenters stole the jewelry?
how_soon_b;62;How soon after haphazardly?? finishing one house each, according to the sheriff, does the police officer believe that the dishonest carpenters stole the jewelry?
how_soon_c;62;How soon after the painters finishing one house each, according to the sheriff, do the police officers believe that the dishonest carpenters stole the jewelry?
how_soon_d;62;How soon after the painters finishing one house each, according to the sheriff, does the police officer believe that the dishonest carpenters stole the jewelry?


- replace that with "the"
- put adjectives in front 
- avoid hyphen compounds

79